# Reflections
## Graham
Regarding the success of our project, I think that it lacked quite a few of our initial conditions. Although, I got to work with an old friend on a project that was complex, different, new, and interesting. It wasn't a complete failure, if someone was to try and continue our project, they would be able to finish it within the year if they understood River's code. We had all the components working, the ground station, the cargo bay, the OLED interface, and even the radio receiver, but unfortunately, we didn't have enough time for integration. It sucks to have worked on something for so long and still not have it done, but I know that our project was difficult and that we tried our best at it, never wasting time, trying not to waste materials. Seriously, I think that the cargo bay was too big, If I were to redesign I would change the orientation to where the actual cargo was pointing down and that would give me the ability to substantially decrease the size of the box, also I would figure out how to detach the camera from the drone to make space for said redesign, Finally, I would get rid of the landing gear and make the cargo bay door open AND CLOSE. That way I won't need the landing gear anyways.
## River
I have mixed feelings about this project. Our final project is so little of our initial plan, and we were entirely unable to integrate a team member's work
(Jakob's ground station) due to time issues. On the other hand, we made an objectively cool thing, and learned a lot about how not to fly a payload on a drone.
I got experience with LoRa, which was new to me, and which will probably feature in future projects. I think that part of the reason we went slower than I thought
we would is that I didn't devote as much time outside of class to this as I was initially expecting to, so our estimates were off. In addition, I experienced successive failures of basic parts that took a long time to debug.
## Jakob
The main issue with the project was that I took too long and didn't give the coders enough time to integrate the ground station with the rest of the project. The complexity of the design requirements required some elements of a complex design but I think I took it too far, some things could have been simplified and turned into an initial prototype that my teammates could have worked on for code giving them more time to integrate and still getting me time to add the complex features I wanted. For example, I could have routed the wires on the exterior of the project leaving them loose although this would have hurt the perfectionist within me it would have worked and saved me weeks of perfecting the complex routing of the wires. I also got carried away with a complex CAD of some of the parts the trigger grip is one of the most complex things I've ever designed and uses some pretty time-consuming CAD trickery and surfacing, just going with a stick would have been quicker and again I probably should have gone with a prototype before investing weeks into a complex but better design. 
